#problem
Every household has a box of general medicines/specific medicines that are present for our consumption. While the medicine is purchased, we make it a point to check the date of expiry, however over a period of time we ignore to validate if the medicines available in our house are still under the period of expiry. Question: Leverage technology to ensure that we have an easy mechanism to identify which of the medicines are still okay for consumption
#Detailed_problem
Scenario #1 The person forgets the expiry date and expired medicines are still present in the medicine box and can't be known to be restocked
Scenario #2 The person forgets to register the expiry date while the time of buying totally. Therefore the medicine can't be deemed valid at any point
Scenario #3 The person searches for a medicine from the box but is unsure of the validity of the medicine even in urgency

The problem discussed here is a trivial yet simple problem that seemingly is a regular occurrence amongst people. The problem states that while buying medicines people generally look at the expiry dates of the medicines, however over some time, we do not realize if the medicines we have purchased have expired and should be replaced with a new stock of the same. Further, over time, we do not know which medicines are okay for consumption since the expiry dates are forgotten by the people, which could result in a very worse situation

#SOLUTION  The Solution to the problem can be solved through a medicine recognizing and storing app which would be built on fundamental Image recognition and NLP processing technology. The app would firstly scan the medicines through a picture while purchasing the medicines and further process the image while passing it through an NLP parser to make sure all the details of the medicine are stored in the user's profile along with the corresponding image. After which it would be easier to track the medicine and set reminders for restocking as well as throwing out of expired medicines.
